Neo says he wants to expose those profiting from other peoples pain.
An additional issue is the cost of these medications.
Translated to English the name means beauty of the leaves.
Translated to Ferns and Leighlin on 9 August 1782, he died in post on 31 July 1787.
Translated to Hereford in 1949 he retired in 1961 and died on 15 October 1977.
National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or esthetically significant"
Translated to Trinidad in 1950 he returned to England as a Canon Residentiary of Wells Cathedral in 1956.
Translated versions were also published in Spanish, French and Chinese.
Translate is an album by Sexy Sadie, released in 2006.
Translate Slowly is the 1985 debut album by The Reivers.
Translate Toolkit uses Enchant as spellchecker.
Translate was released as a free download from the band's website with downloadable artwork.
Translating/autoAt Cafe 6 is a 2016 Chinese-Taiwanese romance film directed by Neal Wu and starring Dong Zijian, Cherry Ngan, Austin Lin, Ouyang Nini and Ireine Song.
Translating for legal equivalence is the production of translations that are acceptable by a legal jurisdiction.
The Creation of the World and Other Business is a play by Arthur Miller first performed in 1972.
The Creation of the World was inaccurately edited with Keigwin's translation by Davies Gilbert in 1827.
The creation of the World Wide Web by Tim Berners-Lee enabled non-technical computer experts to use the Internet in a simple and quick way, making it accessible to billions of people around the world.
The creation of this album was a follow up album to Every Second Counts in hopes of breaking free from being the Hey There Delilah Band.
The creation of this device was motivated by the RMS Titanic disaster of 1912, which highlighted the need to protect ships from collisions with icebergs, obstacles, and other ships.
The creation of this field of statistics has been credited to Danish statistician Kirstine Smith.
The creation of this journal inspired Gabriel Monod to found the French Revue historique in 1876.
The creation of this organ was the subject of a PBS special.
The creation of this program was inspired by the Bozeman, Montana home that was built with 100% American made home construction and home improvement products.
The creation of Turners Hill civil parish meant that Worth parish is now only one-third of its original size.
The creation of urbanlab was announced on 8 November 2011 during a Pecha-Kucha Night Yerevan event by the urbanlab founder Sarhat Petrosyan.
The creation of VSF was one of the many recommendations of a Royal Commission held between 1897 and 1901 into forest degradation.
The creation process of Halo Manash began originally around 1998 as a nameless project (containing only Anti Ittna H.).
The Creation Records Story is a 2010 film by Document Productions which charts the story of Creation Records.
The Creation were an English rock band, formed in 1966.
The creative and nonconventional process of sensory art therapy often elicits better results for individuals who suffer from chronic stress, depression, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), as well as those who have been diagnosed with learning/development disabilities.
The Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony was held on September 15 and was televised on September 22, 2012 on ReelzChannel.
The Creative Arts Emmys are a class of Emmy Awards presented in recognition of technical and other similar achievements in American television programming.
The Creative Assembly Limited, doing business as Creative Assembly, is a British video game developer based in Horsham, founded in 1987 by Tim Ansell.
The creative director is known to guide a team of employees with skills and experience related to graphic design, fine arts, motion graphics, and other creative industry fields.
The creative director of SonicVision was Chris Harvey, who drew on cosmic, mystical, and mandalic imagery as well as visions of alien civilizations and distant worlds to bring the half-sphere format to life.
Translating the Name is the debut EP by American rock band Saosin, released on June 17, 2003 through Death Do Us Part.
Translational activator GCN1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GCN1L1 gene.
Translational Behavioral Medicine is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering behavioral medicine.
Translational bioinformatics (TBI) is an emerging field in the study of health informatics, focused on the convergence of molecular bioinformatics, biostatistics, statistical genetics and clinical informatics.
Translational drift also known as melty brain or tornado drive is a form of locomotion, notably found in certain combat robots.
Translational efficiency or Translation efficiency, in the context of cell biology, is the rate of mRNA translation into proteins within cells.
Translational glycobiology or applied glycobiology is the branch of glycobiology and glycochemistry that focuses on developing new pharmaceuticals through glycomics and glycoengineering.
Translational Health Science and Technology Institute (THSTI) is a society registered under the Societies Registration Act XXI of 1860.
Translationally Controlled Tumor Protein (TCTP) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TPT1 gene.
Translational medicine (often referred to as translational science, of which it is a form) is defined by the European Society for Translational Medicine (EUSTM) as an interdisciplinary branch of the biomedical field supported by three main pillars: benchside, bedside and community.
Translational Neurodegeneration is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of neurodegenerative diseases, such as Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
Translational neuroscience is the field of study which applies basic neuroscience research to translate or develop into clinical applications and novel therapies for nervous system disorders.
Translational Psychiatry has been criticized for requiring author fees to submit critiques of articles published in the journal since this could insulate articles from critics.
Translational Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Nature Publishing Group.
Translational regulation refers to the control of the levels of protein synthesized from its mRNA.
Translational research as defined by the National Institutes of Health includes two areas of translation.
Translational research informatics (TRI) is a sister domain to or a sub-domain of biomedical informatics or medical informatics concerned with the application of informatics theory and methods to translational research.
Translational silencing of Cp, and possibly other transcripts, mediated by the GAIT element may contribute to the resolution of the local inflammatory response following cytokine activation of macrophages.
Translation and rotation are the two types of movement of a solid body.
Translation and rote repetition are avoided, and the language is usually practiced in meaningful contexts.
Translation as a whole is a balance of art and science influenced by both theory and practice.
Translation award and Information technology in Tamil award were added on subsequently.
Translation can be done in hardware (for example, by circuits in a CPU) or in software (e.g. run-time engines, static recompiler, emulators).
Translation complex profile sequencing (TCP-seq) is a molecular biology method for obtaining snapshots of momentary distribution of protein synthesis complexes along messenger RNA (mRNA) chains.
Translation criticism is the systematic study, evaluation, and interpretation of different aspects of translated works.Translin is a DNA-binding protein that in humans is encoded by the TSN gene.
Translink bus stop information is available from TransLink.
Translink Cup are given under honors but are not considered competitive matches due to be a friendly pre season match with a foreign club.
TransLink, formally the South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority, is the statutory authority responsible for the regional transportation network of Metro Vancouver in British Columbia, Canada, including public transport, major roads and bridges.
TransLink is an agency of the Department of Transport and Main Roads first introduced by the Queensland Government in June 2003 to coordinate and integrate bus, ferry and rail services.
TransLink is responsible for various modes of transportation in the Metro Vancouver region as well as the West Coast Express, which extends into the Fraser Valley Regional District (FVRD).
Translink is the brand name of the Northern Ireland Transport Holding Company (NITHCo), a public corporation in Northern Ireland which provides the public transport in the region.
Translink of Northern Ireland also purchased over 150 B7TLs.
TransLink operates an integrated ticketing system and the go card smartcard system to allow the use of one ticket for all public transport services across all of Southeast Queensland.
The creation of the economic zone is in pursuance to Republic Act 7916 as amended by Republic Act 8748, which directs local governments to develop sites near or adjacent geothermal plants as economic zones.
The creation of the Eurasian Economic Space was guaranteed by 3 different treaties.
The creation of the European System of Financial Supervision (ESMA, EIOPA and EBA), which took over from the Advisory Committees on 1 January 2011, has resulted in some changes regarding how the four level legislative procedure operates, with the EU Authorities being given a greater role and more powers.
The creation of the falls shut off a natural cascade known as Warren Creek Falls named after the creek that formed it.
The creation of the first winter games allowed for many athletes of the era to compete in both sets of games in the same discipline, and on this page these athletes are listed below the main list.
The creation of the Foundation was intended to encourage other donors to also support the UN in its activities.
The creation of the game: Flag Football can be attributed to: Porter Wilson, who was the man who invented flag a tag belts & flags used as equipment to play the sport.
The creation of the game was based on the online crowdfunding website Kickstarter and incorporated heavy input from the public.
The creation of the Grand Lodge of Alabama provided unity and guaranteed that a common ritual was being performed during the degree work.
The creation of the Grand Prix circuit, on an experimental basis during its first year, was announced in April 1970 by the president of the ILTF, Ben Barnett.
The creation of the Histone Database was stimulated by the X-ray analysis of the structure of the nucleosomal core histone octamer followed by the application of a novel motif searching method to a group of proteins containing the histone fold motif in the early-mid-1990.
The creation of the IJSG was negotiated in 2000 and 2001 in Geneva and was agreed to in a multilateral treaty known as the Agreement establishing the Terms of Reference of the International Jute Study Group.
The creation of the Illinois Central Railroad, caused most of the residents and businesses to move to Polo.
The creation of the institute was initiated in 1997 as part of an ongoing effort of Sweden in co-operation with countries of the South.
The creation of the Kariba Lake led to a thriving fishing industry, but following Zimbabwe's economic collapse, Kariba became the least developed district in the country.
The creation of the label was in response to the band's record contract's ending with Essential Records, and the band's desiring to control their music output.
The creation of the lake shrank the upper Conejohela Flats in size.
The creation of the LB&SCR (which was an amalgamation of the London and Croydon and London and Brighton Railways), seven months later meant that the new company acquired those locomotives allocated to both companies.
The creation of the London Underground provided a practical connection to the various termini, which continues to be the case as of the 21st century.
The creation of the magazine was partly a response to non-religious popular magazines that the Religious Tract Society saw as delivering a pernicious morality to the working classes.
The creation of the Max Planck Harvard Research Center for the Archaeoscience of the Ancient Mediterranean (MHAAM) was announced in February 2017 at Harvard University.
The creation of the Mayor of Greater Manchester was agreed between the then Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, and Greater Manchester's 10 district council leaders.
The creation of the OpenSIGLE archive was decided by some major European STI centers, members of the former European network EAGLE for the collection and dissemination of gray literature (European Association for Gray Literature Exploitation).
The creation of the Oxford English Dictionary in the 19th century was done largely with the help of anonymous volunteers organized by help wanted adds in newspapers and slips of paper sent through the postal mail.
The creation of the tablet was performed by the Advanced Research Projects Agency.
The creation of the TIO was part of a public relations campaign to undo some of the damage done by the quiz show controversies of the 1950s and other illicit business practices in television like plugola.
The creamery's products have gained recognition for their high quality and traditional methods of production, drawing customers from nearby cities and towns.
The business has remained family-owned for generations, emphasizing sustainability, organic practices, and the welfare of their dairy cows.
The farm also offers tours to schools and groups interested in learning about dairy production, from milking to processing.
Over the years, the creamery has expanded its product line to include cheeses, yogurt, and ice cream, all made with the same commitment to quality and freshness.
With a deep-rooted history in the community, the creamery continues to support local events and charities, solidifying its reputation as a cornerstone of the local agricultural industry.
The craft work heavily depended as hand-made where there is no machinery usage or rare use in particular areas only.
The craft would have a mass of 1,630 metric tons and land a crew on Mars for a one-year expedition.
The Craft Yarn Council of America, an industry trade association, has collated a table of crochet hook and knitting needle sizes from de facto industrial standards and elicited the cooperation of its member organizations in adopting them to regularize sizing in the United States.
The crafty vesper mouse (Calomys callidus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The Crag Group is a geologic group outcropping in East Anglia, UK and adjacent areas of the North Sea.
The craggy northern face above the lake gives the fell its name, prominent in views from the car park at Bowness Knott.
The Cragie tube or Craigie tube is a method used in microbiology for determining bacterial motility.
The crag is around 170 feet high, with an overhang of 40 feet.
The crag lies on the boundary of the civil parishes of North Rigton and Stainburn.
The Cragmor Sanatorium became the main hall for the University of Colorado Colorado Springs campus.
The Crags are a rock band based in Geneva, Switzerland, created in 2009.
The Craig Charles Funk and Soul Show is a British radio program, broadcast on BBC Radio 6 Music on Saturdays, between 6 pm and 9 pm, and between 10 pm and 12 midnight on BBC Radio 2 (dubbed the Craig Charles House Party).
The Craigendarroch Resort in Ballater, Scotland is a resort complex close to the banks of the River Dee.
The Craig Goch Dam, often called the Top dam, is a masonry dam in the Elan Valley of Wales and creates the upper-most of the Elan Valley Reservoirs.
The Craighead Limestone is a geologic formation in Scotland.
The Craighill Channel Lower Range Front Light, named for William Price Craighill, was the first caisson lighthouse built in the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland, USA.
The Craigieburn-bound line was slewed to the west to permit an island platform to be built between the two tracks of the broad gage main line.
The Craigieburn Bypass Trail (also known as the Galada Tamboore Pathway), is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians in the outer northern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The Craigieburn railway line (previously the Broadmeadows line) is a commuter rail passenger train service operating between Craigieburn in the northern suburbs and Flinders Street in the central business district of Melbourne, Australia.
The Craigieburn Range of mountains is located on the south banks of the Waimakariri River, south of Arthur's Pass.
The Craigieburn Valley Ski Area is located on its slopes, as is the Craigieburn Forest Park.
The Craigievar Express is a steam-powered tricycle built by Andrew 'Postie' Lawson between 1895 and 1897 in Craigievar, Scotland.
The Craigievar Express is housed at the Grampian Transport Museum, where it is occasionally steamed.
The Craig Machine is a live album by comedian Stephen Lynch, released on October 4, 2005 on What Are Records?.
The Craigslist Killer is a 2011 American crime drama television film directed by Stephen Kay, written by Donald Martin and Stephen Tolkin, and starring Jake McDorman, Agnes Bruckner, Kevin Kilner, and William Baldwin.
The Craig telescope was a large telescope built in the 1850s, and while much larger than previous refracting telescopes, it had some problems that hampered its use.
ZZ Ward is an American musician, singer, and songwriter known for her blend of blues, rock, and hip-hop. She released her debut EP, Criminal, in 2012 and her debut album, Til the Casket Drops, later that year.
ZZT-OOP is the scripting language used in the computer game ZZT. It allows for the creation of custom objects and behaviors within the game environment.
ZZYZX Road is a 4.5-mile-long, part paved and part dirt, rural collector road in the Mojave Desert. It runs from Interstate 15 generally south to the Zzyzx settlement.
Soda Springs, is a settlement in San Bernardino County, California.
It is the former site of the Zzyzx Mineral Springs and Health Spa and now the site of the Desert Studies Center.
ZZ's production team was known for their innovative music videos, which played a big role in the MTV era of pop music.
Zycus is a leading global provider of complete Source-to-Pay suite of procurement performance solutions.
Their product portfolio includes applications for both the strategic and operational aspects of procurement - eProcurement, eInvoicing, Spend Analysis, eSourcing, Contract Management, Supplier Management and Financial Savings Management.
The company's client base consists of major global corporations across various industries.
 
These recent migration movements are caused by a variety of reasons.
These receptors are involved in a host of physiological processes including growth, cell differentiation, homeostasis, osteogenesis, apoptosis, and many other functions.
These recent efforts define a set of views (or viewpoints).
These receptors are predominantly expressed in cells of the immune system and bind ligands such as CD55.
These recent unconsolidated sediments may include stream channel and floodplain deposits, beach sands, talus gravels, and glacial drift and moraine.
These recommendations are subject to constraints like water availability, spatial connectivity, hydraulic infrastructure capacities, vegetation responses, and available financial resources.
These recordings document a period in which Corea's work was steeped in the jazz avant-garde, prior to his complete shift to the jazz fusion orientation.
These receptors respond to changes in the wall tension, which is proportional to the filling state of the low-pressure side of circulation (below 60mmHg).
These reconstructions have consistently shown a slow long-term cooling trend changing into relatively rapid warming in the 20th century, with the instrumental temperature record by 2000 exceeding earlier temperatures.
These recommendations were leaked to The Economist and published on 27 May 1978.
These regional centers contain a collection of shopping malls, hawker centers, and other forms of commercial facilities.
These regional elections were the first ones that were held with the new electoral law called 'Tatarellum' (from the name of its rapporteur, Giuseppe Tatarella).
These regions are described in the works of ancient historians and geographers, and in the legends and myths of the ancient Greeks.
These regions are not formally defined; they frequently overlap and have vague borders.
These regions include marks made in open competition against higher level competitors, post-season meets and international competition up until August 31 following their high school graduation.
Bloucher was a station on the Mount Hood Railroad named for local resident H. E. Bloucher.
Blouin won a silver medal in slopestyle at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Blount appeared in Ginny Mule's first three films, but died in 2010.
Blount hosts an annual All Star Celebrity Roast, featuring many of his former teammates, as a fundraiser.
Blountiella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Blount-Moorhead is an advocate for social change through her interdisciplinary work in visual art, music, design, and film.
Blount received a full pardon in January 24, 2017 from the Pardons and Paroles Board.
Blount spent the 1976 season on injured reserve with an ankle injury.
Blow dryers are used in beauty salons by professional stylists and in the household by consumers.
Blow dryers enable better control over the shape and style of hair, by accelerating and controlling the formation of temporary hydrogen bonds within each strand.
Blow dryers were invented in the late 19th century.
Blow-forward is a firearm operation type where the friction and pressure of the bullet traveling down the bore drag the barrel forward.
Blow football is a children/adults game, popular in the United Kingdom where the object is to blow through some kind of pipe causing a small lightweight ball to pass through the opponent's goal, as in other forms of Football.
Blowhard Stream is a tributary.
Blow-Fill-Seal (BFS) technology is a manufacturing technique used to produce small, (0.1mL) and large volume, (500mL +) liquid-filled containers.
Blow-fill-seal technology reduces personnel intervention making it a more robust method for the aseptic preparation of sterile pharmaceuticals.
Blowfish is a symmetric-key block cipher, designed in 1993 by Bruce Schneier and included in a large number of cipher suites and encryption products.
Blowfish provides a good encryption rate in software and no effective cryptanalysis of it has been found to date.
Blow flies are about the size of a house fly or a little larger, many are metallic blue or green.
Blowing engines are used to provide the air blast for furnaces, blast furnaces and other forms of smelter.
Blowing from a gun was a method of execution in which the victim was typically tied to the mouth of a cannon which was then fired.
Blue and cyan (blue-green) represent light emitted at wavelengths of 3.4 and 4.6 microns, which is predominantly from stars.
Blue and white are often used to represent winter, or sometimes Hanukkah, which occurs around the same time.
Blue Bunting's victory was the first in the race for Al Zarooni.
Blue carbon is the carbon captured by the world's oceans and coastal ecosystems.
Blue Cathedral is the third studio album by Comets on Fire.
Blue Cheer is the fourth album by Blue Cheer, released in 1969 on Philips Records.
Blue cheese, while one of the possible components, is usually included in small quantities, as its flavor is often stronger than other traditional ingredients.
Blue chip athletes are likely to have an immediate impact on teams that acquire them and have proven skills rather than speculative or untapped potential.
Blue chip players are those who have proven themselves to be among the best at their positions in their respective sports and are more sought after and wanted than other players.
Blue collar is a US phrase used to describe manual laborers, as opposed to white collar for office or professional workers.
Blue-collar workers are referred to as such because in the early 20th century, they usually wore sturdy, inexpensive clothing that didn't show dirt easily, such as blue denim or cambric shirts.
Blue-collar work may involve skilled or unskilled manufacturing, mining, sanitation, custodial work, textile manufacturing, commercial fishing, food processing, oil field work, waste disposal, and recycling, construction, mechanic, maintenance, warehousing, technical installation, and many other types of physical work.
Blue cone monochromacy (BCM) is an inherited eye disease that causes severely impaired color discrimination, low vision, nystagmus and photophobia due to the absence of functionality of red (L) and green (M) cone photoreceptor cells in the retina.
Blue cone monochromacy is considered a stationary (non-progressive) disease, although there is evidence of disease progression with macular degeneration in many patients.
Blue coral can be used in tropical aquaria, and the crystalline calcareous fibers in the skeletons can be used for jewelry.
Blue corn (also known as Hopi maize) is a variety of flint maize grown in Mexico and the Southwestern United States.
Blue corn meal is a corn meal that is ground from whole blue corn and has a sweet flavor.
Blue Demon Jr.'s real name is unrevealed publicly.
Blue diamond is a type of diamond which exhibits all of the same inherent properties of the mineral except with the additional element of blue color in the stone.
Blue diamonds belong to a subcategory of diamonds called fancy color diamonds, the generic name for diamonds that exhibit intense color.
Blue diamonds range in grade from Flawless to Included, just as in the case of white diamonds.
Blue Dream is a drama film directed by Gregory Hatanaka.
Blue Ear is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Blue eyes are a hallmark of the pattern, and splash may account for otherwise "solid" blue-eyed horses.
Blue-Eyed Mary is a lost 1918 silent film drama directed by Harry Millarde and starring June Caprice.
Blue Eye was a missile developed by the United States.
Blue Fang Games, often shortened to Blue Fang, was an American computer game developer, most noted for its Zoo Tycoon series.
Blue Film is the debut studio album released in 2014 by the American singer-songwriter Lo-Fang under the record label 4AD.
Bluefish fills the niche market between the plain text editors and the full IDE.
Blue holes typically contain tidally influenced water of fresh, marine, or mixed chemistry.
Humans lineups are often trios, sometimes two guitars and drums, sometimes guitar-sax-drums.
He was succeeded in the earldom of Lindsey by his third cousin, the ninth Earl.
He was a utility back, most notably for the majority of his career as Captain of Northampton Saints in the English Premership.
He taught there for twenty-eight years in the Department of Near Eastern Studies until his retirement in 2002.
He taught the language to most of the earliest European scholars of Indo-European linguistics.
He taught social studies at a high school level before attending the Wyoming College of Law, graduating with his Juris Doctor degree in 1985.
He taught sculpture and drawing at the City and Guilds of London Art School and was visiting professor to the Royal Academy School.
Heterogeneous computing is widely used in system-on-chip devices such as tablets, smartphones, other mobile devices, and video game consoles.
Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein R is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HNRNPR gene.
He was aware from animal husbandry that inbreeding could lead to changes, but as wild species usually remained homogenous, he thought that species were kept the same by natural cross-fertilization.
He was aware of the artistic developments of his period, but only able to incorporate them into his works to a limited extent.
He then became a general reporter for the regional news program Newsroom South East, which was later replaced by BBC London and BBC South East Today.
He then became a freelance Director/Cameraman and shot segments for many clients, including the second season of MTV's The Real World based in Los Angeles.
He then begins the novel with a review of his family origins, before delving into the politics, science and personal relationships of his life as a Communist Party member and physicist through the Anti-Rightist Campaign, Great Leap Forward and Cultural Revolution.
Her PhD thesis was based on the human skeletal remains discovered at Pompeii, where she spent over 7 field seasons.
Her principal topics of interest are media, technology, and the global circulation of images.
Her principal duties was servicing buoy inspection and overhauling work and delivering fuel to isolated light stations.
Her priorities included school funding, government efficiency, and encouraging residents to buy local, Michigan-based products.
Her prior experiences as a studio jeweler, video ethnographer/design researcher, and museum educator shape her multidisciplinary thinking and consideration of craft in material, conceptual, and theoretical ways.
Her real crime is revealed as one that violates the strict population laws of Earth, and she has to leave and live elsewhere in the Solar System.
The song's build up is to illustrate the ocean waves coming in and out to and from the shores, due to the ebb tides.
The song served as the second single from the album and reached number 41 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
The song serves as the film's main theme, and was released as a single on May 18, 2009.It received positive reviews from professional critics and remains one of the most critically acclaimed songs of Linkin Park's discography.
The songs "Jaws of Life", "Glasgow Kiss" and "Damage Control" have been played during the G3 tour, and the latter two are featured as openers to the 2005 DVD and live album G3: Live in Tokyo.
The songs "Jessie," "Pansy," and "The Bridge" were featured in the video game Road Rash for the Sega Saturn, Sega CD, Windows, PlayStation, and 3DO.
Weekday traffic stops here to unload employees who work in a nearby industrial park area, which is the site of the head offices and production facilities and of companies.
Weeks prefers public confrontations to the calmer, more private strategies favored by his associates, friends, and closeted lover Felix Turner (Bomer).
Weeks prior to the day of the parade, a workshop is opened where participating artists and technicians work with the community to conceive ideas, build floats, make costumes, and put their performances together.
Wet wipe markers were often used on overhead projector transparencies, as they could be stored and transported easily, unlike a traditional chalkboard.
Since the 1980s his work in CDA focused especially on the study of the discursive reproduction of racism by what he calls the 'symbolic elites' (politicians, journalists, scholars, writers), the study of news in the press, and on the theories of ideology, context and knowledge.
A number of collections have been made public in new purpose-built structures that have achieved renown as acclaimed examples of avant-garde museum architecture.
This treatment has been performed primarily on children growing toward an adult height considered unacceptably excessive by their parents and doctors.
Since the advocacy's inception, it has assisted many defendants and, in 2004, was instrumental in the dismissal of the charges against Michael F. Goodwin who had been charged by the Orange County District Attorney.
The basic C22J trainer was exhibited at the Farnborough Air Show in 1980 and September 1982, but failed to attract any customers, and the proposed C22R was never actually built.
The basic assumption of crevasse rescue is that two or more climbers are tied together with a climbing rope, forming a rope team; a standard number is three, one on each end and one in the middle, which means there are two available to hold a falling climber, but is not as complicated to manage as large numbers of people attached to a single rope.
The basic aim of the game is for the players to expand their businesses without increasing emissions, by cleaning up their plants by trading carbon dioxide quotas and using 'flexible mechanisms' as outlined in the protocol, the winner being the first player to own four factories without chimneys.
The basic shape and configuration of a typical upright or "safety bicycle", has changed little since the first chain-driven model was developed around 1885.
Epigenetics involves any changes to the DNA that does not affect the sequence, but instead affects the activity of the DNA, such as the level of transcription of a particular gene.
Episcopal conferences are generally defined by geographic borders, often national ones, with all the bishops in a given country belonging to the same conference, although they may also include neighboring countries.
Improvisation is a live album by American jazz saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell recorded in London at the Cafe Oto, with bassist John Edwards and drummer Tony Marsh which was recorded and released the venue's Otoroku label as a limited edition double LP and download.
Improvisational theater, often called improv or impro, is the form of theater, often comedy, in which most or all of what is performed is unplanned or unscripted: created spontaneously by the performers.
If the logical progression of a prop changes during shooting, the props breakdown is revised to reflect the change.
If the loan is not paid (or extended, if applicable) within the time period, the pawned item will be offered for sale to other customers by the pawnbroker.
If the mark was made in the in-goal area, the scrum is taken five meters from the goal line on a line running through the mark parallel to the touch line but always at least five meters from the touch line.
If the market perceives that a public company's profit and cash flow is not being maximized, capital structure is not optimal, or other factors that can be changed are impacting the company's share price, an acquirer may be willing to offer a premium over the price currently established by other market participants.
If the market price increases after their purchases, they will get the full amount of the price increase.
It specializes in environmental and industrial services for the oil and gas, oilsands, petrochemical, renewable energy, utilities, agriculture, forestry, drilling, midstream, mining, aggregate and municipal sectors.
It responded to the FTC suit by maintaining that their practices were legal and claiming that corporate interests were driving the suit.
A user guide or user's guide, also commonly known as a manual, is a technical communication document intended to give assistance to people using a particular system.
